Champion Select

Pick

     
       "Fear not… I will make use of your corpse."

Ban

     
       "It's your funeral."

Yorick_Special_Interactions
Original Original Pentakill Pentakill Arclight Arclight

Each of these skins feature some additional quotes and interactions, but otherwise use the Classic voiceover. Some Classic voicelines may also be disabled while using alternate skins.
Movement
First Move

     
       "I once had honor before the Ruination."
     
       "This land will never heal. But I will lay it to rest."
     
       "Tired, ancient, and half-dead. Still, I come for you."
     
       "I am the rift between life and death. The thin divide between breath and grave."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "Yorick, look what you've become."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "I've become what I must be."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "Let us in, remove your chains."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "I think not."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "Your human form is so confining. You could be infinite."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "I am enough."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "There is no hope."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "There is some."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "We see you, Yorick. We know your weakness."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "You know nothing."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "Join us in eternity, Yorick."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "In the beyond, once you're free."

Moving

     
       "What I do is just. Every horrid piece of it."
     
       "The Mist writhes, searching for a place to take root."
     
       "Death is not to be feared."
     
       "We're dead much longer than we are alive."
     
       "What hell is worse than this limbo?"
     
       "Everyone I knew is dead. How are things with you?"
     
       "They once called these isles undying. Yet die, they will."
     
       "How quick the turn from blessed to cursed."
     
       "These isles… how they scream."
     
       "Soon, this depravity will end."
     
       "The beyond is waiting. Strive to meet it."
     
       "I am no tyrant. These souls act on their own."
     
       "This mist has become skin."
     
       "The isles were once paradise; now they're a prison."
     
       "I go wherever souls are adrift."
     
       "The constant wailing of souls in torment."
     
       "I cling to life by the thinnest thread."
     
       "If they could see what I see, they'd long for death."
     
       "But for the waters, the mist would take me."
     
       "The Ruined King will soon meet the victims of his curse."
     
       "From the ground they come, and to it, they return."
     
       "Ours is a fate worse than death."
     
       "I carry these souls to their end… wherever it may be."
     
       "Water for the living, shovel for the dead."
     
       "Our souls are a small price to pay to cleanse this land."
     
       "I am the first and last of my order."
     
       "My curse is our only hope."
     
       "I remember when I put them in the ground."
     
       "So many souls, so few bodies."
     
       "To most, life is fleeting; to me, it is quagmire."
     
       "Death is not always a release."
     
       "Death used to mean something."
     
       "Tell me of the beyond… in case I never make it."
     
       "Tears of life preserve me."
     
       "The Ruined King's allies shall fall with him."
     
       "One can stare into the grave too long."
     
       "This journey is long, but I will complete it."
     
       "I do not live in hope. I work to return it."
     
       "It hurts to remember."
     
       "Do you hear that? It is the end."
     
       "The dead have not forgotten."
     
       "Hallowed or profane… I no longer know."
     
       "All things fade… but me."
     
       "It is to the grave, we go."
     
       "What a beautiful dream is life."
     
       "Remember my name. For one day, I will not."
     
       "I do not know what lies beyond. But it is better than this."
     
       "The dead don't hear you, no matter how you cry."
     
       "The dead shall forgive me. I hope."
     
       "We shall prevail. We have eternity."
     
       "Life is but a brief disinterment."

Taunt

     
       "You'll make a fine addition to my cloak."
     
       "For you, I won't dig too deep."

Taunting an Enemy Mutant

     
       "I pity what you have become. Shall I end your suffering?"

Taunting an Enemy Time Traveler ( Ekko Ekko / Zilean Zilean )

     
       "I have nothing but time. Show me something else."

Taunting an Enemy Yordle

     
       "Yours is an easy grave to dig, small one."

Taunting an Enemy Youngster ( Annie Annie / Jinx Jinx / Nunu Nunu / Taliyah Taliyah )

     
       "They say I was once your age, though I can't quite recall."

Taunting an Enemy Azir Azir

     
       "Your corpses against mine. May the best win."

Taunting an Enemy Hecarim Hecarim

     
       "Those you ride down will soon rise against you."

Taunting an Enemy Kalista Kalista

     
       "You and I share a common goal. The similarities end there."

Taunting an Enemy Karthus Karthus

     
       "Enjoy this limbo while you can, for I will soon end it."

Taunting an Enemy Kindred Kindred

     
       "I know you. And I see you always."
     
       "One day, you will take me. May it be soon."

Taunting an Enemy Lucian Lucian

     
       "No, Lucian, I haven't seen your wife."

Taunting an Enemy Lux Lux

     
       "You remind me that the world is sometimes good - and very naive."

Taunting an Enemy Maokai Maokai

     
       "I fight to free you as well - though a hatchet would suffice."

Taunting an Enemy Mordekaiser Mordekaiser

     
       "My army will soon storm your gates, revenant."

Taunting an Enemy Ryze Ryze

     
       "Your's is a fool's errand. The world must be allowed to die."

Taunting an Enemy Singed Singed

     
       "You think you want immortality. I'll gladly give you mine."

Taunting an Enemy Thresh Thresh

     
       "Those souls are not yours to keep."

Enemy Taunt Response

     
       "I've endured more pain than any words can bring."
     
       "I no longer feel insults."
     
       "I'm just happy to have company."
     
       "Ah yes, I remember spewing idle words."

Joke

     
       "Ah, missed it. There it goes! Where is it at? - ah! Yes!"

Joking near an Enemy Amumu Amumu

     
       "Ah, would you like some friends? Nope, can't have 'em."

Enemy Joke Response

     
       "I suppose I have eternity to think about that one."

Laugh

     
       Yorick laughs.
     
       Yorick laughs.
     
       Yorick laughs.

Laugh Response

     
       "Ah yes, I remember what laughter sounds like."

Dance

     
      Yorick PentakillCircle.png Yorick plays a bass tune.
     
      Yorick ArclightCircle.png Yorick plays a bass tune.

Attack
Attacking

     
       "The hole I dig, it is for you."
     
       "So many souls to liberate."
     
       "To death."
     
       "The beyond awaits you."
     
       "To dirt, you return."
     
       "I'll mourn for you."
     
       "Respects to the dying."
     
       "Scatter their remains."
     
       "You are beyond saving."
     
       "The mist comes for you."
     
       "Your tomb awaits."
     
       "You decay and do not know it."
     
       "You are to die."
     
       "You will rot."
     
       "I will not damn you. I will end you."
     
       "Your end is nigh."
     
       "No eulogy for you."
     
       "Prepare your epitaph."
     
       "I am to bury you."
     
       "Die to rise again."
     
       "The grave is your home."
     
       "Flesh that will soon find earth."

Attacking with Last Rites Last Rites Activated

     
       "The isles remember!"
     
       "I must dig!"
     
       "What's one more grave?!"
     
       "I shall perform your rites!"

Attacking the Dragon Dragon

     
       "Your kind is supposed to live long. I am sorry."
     
       "I need your essence, great beast."

Attacking Baron Nashor Baron Nashor

     
       "That is a lot of flesh to raise."
     
       "Even your kind will join the mist."
     
       "Yours will be the largest coffin."

Ability Casting
Using Awakening Awakening

     
       "Kill, and use its form."
     
       "Rest in your rightful place."
     
       "Return, and fight."
     
       "This horde consumes all."
     
       "A little longer, friend, then rest."
     
       "Join me, brother."
     
       "Some of these faces I know well."
     
       "Arise and return to this world."
     
       "They rise, they fight, they rot."
     
       "Wake up. You have a new task."
     
       "Die with me brothers, and be free."
     
       "Walk once more."
     
       "I thank you for your service."
     
       "Welcome back, you won't be here long."
     
       "It's good to see you."
     
       "Allies from below."
     
       "Hello, friends."
     
       "Ah yes, I remember you."

Using Dark Procession Dark Procession

     
       "Won't you join them?"
     
       "The damned resist their fate."
     
       "The ruins of these isles rise to smite you."
     
       "This never ends."
     
       "To destroy the curse, I use it."
     
       "Take shape."
     
       "An eternal ring."
     
       "It's you they seek."
     
       "They reach for you."
     
       "Watch them squirm."

Using Mourning Mist Mourning Mist

Landing Mourning Mist Mourning Mist

     
       "An unholy mark upon you."
     
       "A curse upon the ground."
     
       "A profane sacrament."
     
       "It fouls upon touch."
     
       "Feel its pull."
     
       "It claims you."

Using Eulogy of the Isles Eulogy of the Isles

     
       "Behold the horrors of the isles!"
     
       "Go, take what you will."
     
       "See the Maiden? She comes for you."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "Submit. Surrender."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "Do not resist."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "All will join."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "The mist takes all!"
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "We devour it. It becomes us!"
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "We are not corruption. We are strength!"
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "More, more for the black maw of the mist!"

Ranking Up Eulogy of the Isles Eulogy of the Isles

     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "One more step toward domination!"
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "One more step toward the end."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "We are stronger. We shall take all!"
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "Do you feel it? I am more!"
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "We feed, we grow!"

Music

     
       Yorick's theme starts playing.
     
      Yorick ArclightCircle.png A tune plays.

Kills and Objectives

Killing a Champion

     
       "Another voice in the cacophony of wails."
     
       "Flesh torn asunder, flesh reborn."
     
       "We all end the same."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "Look at the wrong you do!"
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "It is necessary."
     
       "Your remains will serve a purpose."

Killing a Shadow Isles Champion

     
       "One more nail in the coffin of the isles."

Scoring a Killing Spree

     
       "I can't bury them all."
     
       "My army grows."
     
       "All these bodies going to waste."
     
       "My graveyard is full."

Destroying a Turret icon.png Turret

     
       "All things decay."
     
       "Mortar crumbles."
     
       "Everything that stands must fall."
     
       "Forward, we press."
     
       "It falls, like all things."
     
       "Makes its own tomb."

Gold.pngShopping

Buying an Item

     
       "Don't bury me with it. You can't take it with you."
     
       "Even a monk needs bread and water."
     
       "Material items, for the material world."

Buying Blade of the Ruined King Blade of the Ruined King

     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "The sword of a great man."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "The sword of a fool."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "The king will return for it."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "Then I will strike him down."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "The blade of the father."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "A tyrant who will pay for his crimes."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "This blade has performed great feats."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "And I will use it to undo them."

Buying Cloth Armor Cloth Armor

     
       "I wouldn't be caught dead in that."
     
       "Mere rags, soon to fade."
     
       "A sack to cover flesh and bone."
     
       "The armor of someone soon to die."

Buying Dead Man's Plate Dead Man's Plate

     
       "It fits me to perfection."
     
       "Taken from one who can no longer use it."
     
       "The dead need no armor, but I do."
     
       "Too valuable to bury."

Buying Frostfire Gauntlet Frostfire Gauntlet

     
       "As cold as the hand of death."
     
       "Cold, even to my touch."
     
       "To slow the fleet of foot."

Buying Ruby Crystal Ruby Crystal

     
       "It pulses with life, as the isles once did."
     
       "Red is the heart that barely beats in me."
     
       "A vital ornament."

Buying Sterak's Gage Sterak's Gage

     
       "A gauntlet to throw before the king."
     
       "They'll find me hard to bury."
     
       "Gives life when death is near."

Buying Spirit Visage Spirit Visage

     
       "A ghastly armament."
     
       "A gift from kind specters."
     
       "Sometimes the dead can give life."
     
       "Stay with me, spirit."

Buying Sunfire Aegis Sunfire Aegis

     
       "The only warmth I've found."
     
       "To cremate my foes."
     
       "The fire of life burns within."

Other Gameplay

Using a Health Potion Health Potion

     
       "To delay the end."
     
       "To life."
     
       "I still draw breath."

Recall Recall

     
       "Even a monk needs respite."
     
       "We all return to our origin."
     
       "A breath between rites."
     
       "My path is a circle, my work never-ending."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "You retreat like a coward."
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "I will return anon."
     
       "The bells toll and I respond."

Death

     
       "Do not grieve."
     
       "I grow cold."
     
       "At last."
     
       "I see the Wolf's Mask profileicon.png wolf."

Respawn

     
       "The shock of resurrection quickly passes."
     
       "I've come too far to stay dead."
     
       "We do not die, and so we fight on."
     
       "When we end, we begin again."
     
       "Revived by the tears of life."
     
       "One day, I will no longer awaken."
     
       "A fleeting repose."
     
       Yorick Eulogy of the Isles.png "A futile act, why do you persist?"
        Yorick OriginalCircle.png "Because I must."
     
       "The beyond is not given. It is earned."
     
       "Our time has not yet come."
     
       "There will be no requiem. Not yet."

Co-op vs. AI Responses

Match Start

    "We shall rise to this challenge."

Player Team Victory

    "GG!"

Player Team Defeat

    "Victory… slips away."


