"Precision is the difference between a butcher and a surgeon."
"I will wait for you to be better."
"Progress should never be kept waiting."
"I go where the work leads."
"I remain human... for the most part."
"Targets acquired."
"Authorising deadly force."
"Command line received: Kill-Dash-Nine."
"An island of ruination... heh, how glamorous."
"I... hate... snow."
"Technology and I have a... complicated relationship."
"I'm what you would call a deniable asset."
"I ensure the survival of Piltover."
"Progress is honed on necessary death."
"The harsh memory of one's past does not soften with age."
"Regret is what tempers the steel of our soul."
"The right word cuts more deeply than a knife."
"Fear sharpens every blade."
"I don't play the game, I make the rules."
"It's not lies that cut but the sharpness of the truth."
"Sometimes ambitions must be restrained."
"Violence is a means to an end."
"Morality is a beautiful servant and a dangerous master."
"Elegance never goes out of fashion."
"We all have lines. I may have crossed mine."
"Another step on the march of progress."
"They pay me to find problems... and then dispose of them."
"Everything has a place. Forgetting yours is dangerous."
"I am employed when negotiations fail."
"Society needs rules."
"Self-made women need to be more prevalent."
"Privilege must be preserved at all costs."
"It is not the weapon that defines you, but how you wield it."
"This is simply my profession."
"Being nice is so tedious."
"Sometimes scars are the most refined attire one can wear."
"Progress is served by technology, not controlled by it."
"The world is not black or white, but a delicious shade of grey."
"Efficiency is paramount to success."
"The task at hand is the only one that matters."
"Feigning innocence is so time-consuming."
"Order exists because of me."
"Rudeness must be eradicated."
"I will not be misled."
"The luxury of mercy is one I cannot afford."
"Results are all that matters."
"I bargained my soul for the progress of Piltover."
"My skills eliminate the chaos of Piltover."
"Piltover will achieve its destiny."
"For the problems of Piltover, I am the solution."
"Their mission will be terminated."
"I embrace my mission."
"Search input received."
"There are flaws in their code."
"Mercy is not one of my protocols."
"Their errors will be their downfall."
"I am the solution."
"Their termination is inevitable."
"My orders are clear."
"Technology will be contained."
"All your base are belong to us."
"If you don't have the talent to fight, at least have the decency to die."
"Extremes are easy, it's the balance that is difficult."
"Results speak louder than words."
"So many bodies, so little time!"
"Your ignorance is showing."
"Find bravado where you can, while you can."
"Belts? Is dressing like a commoner fashionable now?"
"Don't go looking for something you don't want to find."
"Hourglass kid? Was sundial brat already taken?"
"That little toy of yours won't help you when you're dead."
"Shall I wait while you consult your precious runes?"
"Ever wonder how you became an orphan?"
"Mmmh... it's like looking into a crude, boorish mirror."
"Oh, your revolution is so... quaint."
"Here, doggy."
"Resistance will get you killed!"
"A hack job."
"Your upgrades will be your downfall."
"Changing sides will not erase your scars!"
"Flawed first generation."
"She was an easy target."
"Doubt still clouds your matrix!"
"Oh, your brother broke quickly."
"A shadow and an outcast."
"Your architecture is unstable!"
"Compassion is your flaw!"
"I see why they started over after you."
"A Noxian, a Zaunite and a Freljordian walk into my blade. The end."
"A joke? Hmm... What do you get when you cross me in a dark alley? Eviscerated."
"Amusing!"
"Don't beg for attention, it's unbecoming."
"Don't be funny, be useful."
"In your case, intelligence seems like an unhappy accident."
"I hope you still think that's funny when I slit your throat."
"I suppose wit varies with intelligence."
"The yoke of mankind looks good on you."
"Oh my... can someone put a sheet over this hat rack?"
"The law protects when it is protected."
"Less hat, more pants."
"Did daddy buy you that gun?"
"I am not one of your blunt object enforcers."
"How very... Noxian of you."
"You are behaving like an imbecile."
"Child, I've considered every outcome. Plan accordingly."
"You are not thinking far enough ahead."
"Shush now! Leave the talking to the adults."
"You might be decent practice."
"It would have been better for you to stay dead."
"Do you have a formula for being better?"
"I suppose I must teach you a lesson."
"My blades are sharper."
"I've seen bigger tempests in my teacup."
"Heroes make such nice targets."
"So much time wasted on presentation."
"Your antics have become a liability."
"You know... I don't even believe in you."
"Your mistakes illuminate your naivete."
"Mediocrity is the root of all evil."
"Who let you out of your toy box?"
"Time to cut your strings, little puppet."
"Altruism is so insipid."
"Run along, girl, and mind your elders."
"How about a taste of your own medicine?"
"Exterminating you would be a pleasure."
"Watch it, girl. I am your future."
"So direct, like most fools."
"Tell me, Is it the third arm that makes you extra-glorious?"
"Your revolution has ceased to be useful."
"You have become an obstacle to progress. Time to remove you."
"You would look better as a rug in my foyer."
"I am the one who keeps the wolves at bay."
"We are all monsters. Now, you are just one on the outside."
"Didn't your master teach you to heel?"
"Shouldn't you be on a leash?"
"You are quick, but I am quicker."
"Think ahead, or start digging your grave."
"I am a weapon. You're some sort of... pudding."
"All flash and no substance."
"Oh look, it's the worst of times."
"Calculated."
"Winning means being better."
"You won't avoid the consequences of your actions."
"I am no one's puppet."
"Meekness was never a virtue of mine."
"You are in my way."
"I am the only weapon necessary!"
"Time to thin the herd."
"Try harder!"
"You can run, but it won't help."
"You try my patience!"
"Inattention to detail produces shoddy work."
"I am the trap."
"I have yet to be wrong."
"Better to sip regret than swallow death."
"There's always time for tea!"