"Every adventure is better with a friend! (Willump noises) (Laughs)"
"It's okay, we'll play later."
"This way to… Adventure! (Willump noises)"
"And so they traveled, over mountains and glaciers. And this one time, there was a village full of people turned into stone! (Willump noises) We couldn't help them. (Willump noises) But we're gonna help everyone else!"
"Once upon a time there was a yeti, and a boy. (Willump noises) But this time I get to be the yeti! Roar! (Willump laughs)"
"It's not a flute, Willump. It's a sword called Svellsongur! (Willump noises) Fine, I'll stick to snowballs."
"(Willump noises) Uh-huh. (Willump noises) No way! (Willump noises) Woah, that's the best story my ears ever heard! (Willump noises) But… no one got hit in the face with a snowball. (Willump noises) 'Til now! Got you, you big galumpa! (Laughs) (Willump noises)"
"Workshop? More like playshop!"
"We've come to eat candy canes and kick naughty list butt! (Willump noises) And everyone's on the naughty list!"
"We're gonna demolisherize you! (Willump noises) Uh, maulerate? (Willump noises) Marfigure? (Willump noises) Grr. The point is, you're not gonna find it very pleasant!"
"No more heroes! Now, it's crunchageddon!"
"Willump, I can't believe they had a t-shirt in your size! XL, as in extra limbs! (Willump noises)"
"It's Freljord Frost versus Azubu Frost!"
"Winning a championship is basically like saving the world. (Willump noises) That's why TPA are my heroes!"
"Uh-oh, I think Lissandra's mad at me. (Willump noises) But I won't let her hurt you, Willump!"
"If you could do anything, Willump, what would you do? (Willump noises) Scratch behind your ears?! That's not an adventure! (Willump noises)"
"Let's get in there and thwack some stuff!"
"Let's shake out some snow! (Willump noises)"
"I bet you three icicles I can fly, I just never jumped hard enough. (Willump noises)"
"Rumble, tumble, and- eh, scrumble! Willump loves to scrumble! (Willump noises) (Laughs)"
"This is just like in my favorite song! Only this time, it's about us!"
"Keep your eyes open for treasure. Like skulls, or rusty swords! Cool!"
"The only thing louder than Willump's steps is his snoring! (Laughs) (Willump snoring)"
"A snowball is never just a snowball, if you believe in magic!"
"Sometimes the world's more interesting when you close your eyes. I see… globlins! Wow, they have warts, that's how you know they're bad guys."
"You know what would be fun, Willump? Everything! If you're there with me! (Willump noises)"
"They only hurt people cause there's something sad in their hearts? (Willump noises) Then I'm gonna knock it out!"
"Don't be afraid, Willump! (Willump noises) I am not scared! (Willump noises) Maybe just a little… (Willump laughs)"
"Last one there is a stinky old yeti! (Willump noises) Fine, magical too… (Willump noises)"
"The adventure continues!"
"How many words to yeti's have for 'snow'? (Willump noises) And for 'farts'? (Willump noises) I knew it! (Willump noises)"
"It's cold. (Willump noises) I'm glad you're here, Willump. (Willump noises)"
"It's okay to be sad sometimes, Willump. That's how you know when you're happy!"
"Battle is the song I came to sing!"
"Make way for the yeti!"
"Home is that way, Willump!"
"Willump knows the way! (Willump noises) He knows lots of stuff."
"Go, team yeti!"
"We gotta find out what happens next, or I can never finish our song! (Willump noises) We can't be heroes without a song."
"Are we there, yeti? Heheh, get it? (Willump noises) You're laughing on the inside, huh? (Willump noises)"
"Someone out there needs our help!"
"(Laughs) Your fur's tickling me!"
"This day keeps getting more bizonkerific!"
"You can't give up if you're standing on a yeti! That's as up as it gets!"
"Let's put the venture, in adventure!"
"There's nothing to it, but to do it!"
"I bet we could have fun over there."
"I eat heroic deeds for breakfast! (Willump noises) Willump prefers Krugs, all in one gulp… (Willump noises) Ugh."
"Everyone knows heroes are brave, and they hit stuff really hard! But only I know the true secret. (Willump noises) No! Not that!"
"My mom's out there somewhere. (Willump noises) I can hear her, Willump. Every time I go to sleep… (Willump noises)"
"Playtime's never over!"
"I bet, if we stayed really still we become invisible! (Willump noises) I'll always see you, Willump. (Willump noises)"
"Let's make snow tracks!"
"Your steps are the rhythm! (Willump sings) And my flute's the melody!"
"Heroes don't need hugs. (Willump noises) Okay, they're not looking now. Bring it in, you big fursnarggle! (Willump noises)"
"Do your battlecry, Willump! (Willump noises) No, not that one! (Willump noises)"
"We're off like a dirty tunic! (Willump noises) That's what one of the elders used to say. (Willump noises) I wonder if he's alright."
"Let's count our steps! Eleventy-seventy and one, eleventy-seventy and two…"
"Slow down, Willump! You're gonna cause an avalanche! Before I can! (Laughs)"
"Ugh, old people always doom the world, so it's up to kids to save it!"
"Keep playing, Willump! No one can tell us not to! We already broke the rules with the super-mega punch!"
"I can't pronounciate your real name! (Willump noises) Well… you can't say Nunu either. (Willump noises)"
"Before we can save the world, first we gotta see it!"
"Hurry, Willump! Sounds like they're in trouble!"
"The Freljord's greatest heroes on our way!"
"We're here to lend some fists!"
"Nunu and Willump to the rescue!"
"Let's bury 'em in snowballs!"
"Fear not, fellow adventurers!"
"Buckle your tunic, we're going in!"
"Woah. This. Is. Awesome!"
"Wow, too fast! The snot just froze to my nose!"
"Haha! Can't catch me!"
"Faster, Willump!"
"Haha! Yippeeeee!"
"The dragon's maw opened wide, and fire bloomed deep down inside. The hero saw a flash of teeth, and- Maybe I'll tell you what happened next time, Willump. (Willump noises)"
"The troll was fierce, his breath was cold. Not blood, but ice you would behold. To spill from wounds, the bites of steel. In flesh was hero's blade concealed! Being a hero is awesome!"
"A creature great, a mountain guard. A terrible monster its own past scarred. In ruin it rages and magic swirls, but its power once saved the world. Woah, that guy sounds cool! (Willump laughs)"
"The witch hissed as her spell was spun. And heroes raised their voice as one. 'For glory, for freedom!' They joined the fight, but their cries were trapped in darkest ice. Lissandra taught me that one!"
"Ice, wind, spray of souls. Lay of seekers, the elder toll. Locked for eons, a frozen key. The power lies inside me!"
"We've told the tales of iron forged, we've cowered at the thunder's roar, but if you sail, the sister seek. Seal sister from the ocean speaks! Willump, I want to meet her!"
"The gods are gone, the world their forge. Now flames are gone, and words our torch. Against the cold, this song I sing, a spark of my own forging! Well, technically my mom's."
"Steel flashed as it cut through air, and web guarding the spider's lair. Eight legs, covered in claws and hair. A web of danger, life ensnared!"
"Our caravan used to race Anivia all across the Freljord!"
"My mom said as long as I remember her, she'll always come back, like Anivia."
"Braum? I knew you were real! Will you be my dad?"
"The vault door! I bet Ornn carved it! (Willump noises) What? That's not a spoiler!"
"I can be a hero too! I'll show everyone in the Frostguard!"
"I hope Lissandra's not mad. Her face might freeze that way."
"It's not how you die, Olaf! It's how you live! Even I know that!"
"Uh oh, Willump. He's got two axes, one for each of us. (Willump noises)"
"Sometimes fighting can teach you things, like how to forgive your brother."
"Ornn! My mom used to sing your song as the ashes died in the fire. It still makes me feel warm."
"Definitely not a princess."
"Believe in yourself, Tryndamere. And you won't need to call people chickens call people chickens behind their backs."
"I wanna be a barbarian when I grow up!"
"Volibear! Uh, sorry! I mean, The Volibear. Or uhm, Mr. The Volibear, Sir…"
"Roaaaar! (Willump roars)"
"Why did the Frostguard cross the road? Cause he thought he was a- (Willump noises) Woah! You really don't like Frostguards."
"Knock knock. (Willump noises) A Frostguard! (Willump noises) W- Willump! You're not supposed smash him!"
"A Frostguard walks into a mead hall and- (Willump noises) Woah! Not again! (Willump noises) Joke's on me, huh Willump?"
"We'll always win, 'cause we have something to fight for! (Willump noises) Not princesses! Gross! (Willump noises)"
"Willump's not a monster!"
"The best part of being a hero, is shouting out your catchphrase!"
"And a little of that! Pow!"
"Don't make me come down there and bonk you myself!"
"I learned how to fight from a song. (Willump noises) That's not weird, it's cool! (Willump noises)"
"Claws slash! Teeth chomp!"
"Put some claw into it, Willump!"
"(Willump noises) Yeah! What he said!"
"Saving the world is so much fun!"
"If we save the Freljord, everyone has to like us!"
"We don't wanna hurt you. (Willump noises)"
"Let's kick bad guy butt! (Laughs) Cause they never wear butt armor!"
"These bad guys aren't gonna bruise themselves!"
"Meet my best friend, Willump!"
"Didn't anyone tell you? The bad guys never win!"
"Fear the wrath of Svellsongur! (Willump noises) It's not a flute! (Willump laughs)"
"Watch out for his beard! You can get tangled up in it. (Willump noises)"
"What you're doing is wrong!"
"You bop and I'll boop, Willump!"
"It's not fighting if you're having fun!"
"I have sworn to vanquish all kinds of bad stuff, starting with your face!"
"Evildoers beware!"
"Something tells me they don't wanna hug."
"I got your back, Willump! Woah! Almost fell off!"
"Mess with the yeti and you get the boy!"
"I don't know what 'dastardly' means, but I'm gonna punch it!"
"No wonder they're so angry, they forgot to bring snowballs!"
"Lord Grompulus, Kevin Ribbiton of Croaksworth, your unjust reign ends here!"
"Think Gromp's actually a princess? (Willump noises) I'm not kissing her!"
"The fairy's voice was coming from over here! I bet that Gromp swallowed her!"
"Gah! We've been poisoned, Willump! The only cure is to kick Gromp's butt!"
"Let's Gromp it up!"
"These krugs don't look happy to see us… They must be up to something, Willump!"
"You think the krugs turned all those people into stone? (Willump noises) There's only one way to find out!"
"If you see a Krug's shadow, that means there's gonna be an earthquake."
"The frost troll will never leave the village if we don't get rid of the Krugs. He's scared to step on them."
"Sorry, Krugs. Willump says I gotta fight you to learn multiplicationing."
"Are you sure they're really raptors? Or are they void monsters in disguise? (Willump noises) Pluck their feathers, Willump!"
"We gotta stop the raptors before they become evil raptosaurs and try to eat the sun! (Willump noises) What? It could happen. (Willump noises)"
"What a big beak you have, Mrs. Raptor. You're gonna use it to hurt people, aren't you?"
"That old man in the cave asked us to kill exactly ten raptors. (Willump noises) I don't remember why."
"Don't hold back, Willump! They stole this nest from those wraiths we talked to!"
"The wolves are howling so much the moon can't sleep at night. Let's muzzle them, Willump."
"I'm gonna play a song so loud these wolves will lose their stinky breaths trying to howl over me!"
"Murk Wolves, I come to fight you in the name of your archenemies! Murk Cats!"
"Don't let them bite you, Willump, then you'll turn into a were-yeti! Wait, that would be awesome!"
"The boy who cried wolf? That's not me. I never cry!"
"He's sucking up all the blue in the world! We gotta stop him, Willump!"
"Tell us what happened to the sentries, blue guy! Or someone's gonna get hurt!"
"Beat up a bunch of tiny goobers, then you can fight the boss!"
"We will banish you from this valley, rock-skin boulder-man!"
"A stone sentinel! He must be guarding something, like a secret!"
"Willump can't stop seeing red! What did you do to him, Brambly?"
"The princess will never wake up, unless we can find a bramble rose."
"I heard what you did in Kumungu, Brambleback!"
"Brambleback! It was you all along! Well, your evil deeds end here!"
"Cinders in his heart. A sure sign of evil, Willump."
"Uh oh. (Willump noises)"
"Stay close, Willump."
"I can do this! Huh!"
"A real dragon?! (Willump noises)"
"Why are there never any snow dragons? (Willump noises) Oh yeah, we can make one."
"Lift me higher, Willump! So I can punch it in the nose!"
"Cloudy with a chance of dragon!"
"Infernal? Sounds evil to me!"
"You're in a mountain of trouble!"
"Can't be any worse than a sea serpent!"
"One dragon to rule them all!"
"Don't close your eyes, Willump. We've gotta face this. (Willump noises)"
"I really don't like monsters!"
"Songs aren't usually this… scary."
"This is gonna be the biggest snowball ever!"
"Here we go!"
"Gigantulossal snowball!"
"I just realised… Snowballs don't have brakes!"
"Snowsplosion!"
"Boom!"
"Awesome!"
"Yetiiii power!"
"Oh, one too many snowballs."
"We didn't wanna hurt you, that's why we used snow."
"Hurting people isn't fun, Willump. Is that why it's so hard to be a hero?"
"Playing dead is still playing, right? (Willump noises) Oh…"
"Big MiSTakE! (Willump noises) Get it? (Laughs) That's a players name! (Willump noises)"
"I know I should be happy, but it feels lonely, Willump."
"Fairy? Are you in there…? Whoa. Disappeared."
"Apologies, m'lady. We'll find a way to un-toadify you."
"May the crown pass to a more worthy Croaksworth. Like Tim! Or Jerry. Or Jeff. Or um… Hm."
"Phew! I've never gromped so hard in my life!"
"That was a weird cure. I hope I read the scroll right."
"We should go back to the village, Willump. Maybe the curse is lifted?"
"Frost troll! Your feet is safe now!"
"Willump, you didn't have to shake the earth yourself. (Willump noises)"
"That was your mistake, Krugs. We never take evil for granite."
"That's what you get for teaching numbers!"
"Sun's still shining, guess that means our work is done. (Willump noises)"
"(Willump noises) You say everything tastes like raptors. (Willump noises)"
"The other kids said I had a big beak once. (Willump noises)"
"Maybe now the wraiths can come home!"
"Oh yeah, the old man's gonna make pants out of the raptors beaks and stuff. (Willump noises) I don't know how."
"Oh no, you bit them, and now they're yeti-wolves! Awooo!"
"And though the song has ended, it echoes in our hearts! (Willump noises)"
"Uh oh… if the moon sleeps at night, it won't shine anymore! Guess we better do the howling! (Willump howls)"
"I'm more of a murk-yeti-kid myself. (Willump laughs)"
"I'm gonna miss those pupsters, Willump."
"No one's the boss of me! (Willump noises) I hope Lissandra didn't hear that."
"Sometimes blue is the only color in the Freljord. I remember my mom had blue eyes…"
"You shouldn't abandon your best friends!"
"Next time you'll remember, it's not nice to keep secrets!"
"Crumble under the weight of your infamy!"
"Now there's nothing but ash, evil ash!"
"And once again the village was saved thanks to the one and only Nunu! (Willump noises) Fine, Willump helped. (Willump noises)"
"(Willump noises) You should've just said you were angry. (Willump noises)"
"But maybe it was Ivern's Ivern's fault."
"No flowers on this one! We've gotta keep looking!"
"High three, Willump!"
"Rift scuttled!"
"Yeah! Go back to the void, you crabbybutt!"
"They were just defending their home. Why don't the songs ever mention that?"
"Looks like we got… under his scales."
"Dragon slayers! That's us."
"I like watching clouds, but it's even better fighting them!"
"Spicy! I said spicy! Haha."
"We beat up a mountain! Woah!"
"Salty."
"More like, elderly dragon! (Willump noises)"
"At first I was afraid, but then I felt the snow became ice. What's happening, Willump?"
"Some say, the beast's cries can still be heard whenever you taste purple."
"Am I crazy, or was that monster more afraid of me? (Willump noises)"
"Magic tickles."
"We did it, Willump!"
"You were gonna hurt someone with that!"
"Smell you later, bad guy!"
"Perfect timing! Must be from all the songs."
"Up high, Willump!"
"Secret. Hero. Handshake! Yeah!"
"Best friends forever!"
"Yeah!"