"You may now appreciate me."
"You are right to fear my greatness."
"GIANTS"
"Congratulations, you have Qiyana. The other side, they have no Qiyana."
"I would say 'watch and learn,' but unfortunately you cannot learn this."
"Oh, good, servants. Carry my panoply to the battle, would you?"
"I don't mean to sound arrogant, but I'm extremely good, at everything."
"Is that all they brought to face us? My omele could defeat them, and she is 85."
"Cover the ground behind me. None may tread where I have stepped."
"I can tell by your expressions you've never met a superior being."
"I'm through being an NPC! From now on, I make the decisions."
"I am the true ultimate boss. All other bosses are just side quests."
"I hear this game has a beautiful amazingly talented boss at the end, and her name is Qiyana."
"I will take my rightful place, ruling all Arcadia, from the home base to the majestic mountains where they stopped coding."
"Those who are 16-bit will soon grovel at the feet of the superior 32-bit."
"Some people are just born better."
"I'm not arrogant, I'm right."
"My enemies try their best. That is what is so sad."
"It's not a ring blade, it's an ohmlatl! Idiots."
"No more hiding in the wilderness. I demand to be seen!"
"If they want to worship me... hmph, I will not stop them."
"Some wait their turn, and some take what they deserve."
"In Ixtal we call them cao-mul: soon to be mud."
"If talent were an element, perhaps I could throw some at them."
"I wish there was someone else as perfect as me."
"'Empress Qiyana...' I do like the sound of that."
"Line them up. I will bend their knees."
"I do not lack empathy. Other people just need to be better."
"My feet cannot step where lesser beings have tread."
"You know what's hard about being a princess? Nothing."
"I cannot wait to be empress. If only my entire family were not in the way."
"Hard work is for those who possess no talent."
"Those who find Ixtal do not live to speak of it."
"I will grant this place the privilege of being conquered by me."
"Ugh, this place could use some reshaping."
"I'm getting hot. Where is my royal fanner?!"
"My parents rule with fairness and compassion. So boring."
"There will always be someone who is better, and that person is me."
"Things do what I tell them to. Right, rocks?"
"The secrets of my enemies carry far on the wind."
"Of course I've mastered fire... I just don't like to show off."
"It is a travesty to not be carried by servants."
"Ee-shao-can! They will all learn to say it."
"Being young means living to see all your enemies die first."
"One throne, nine sisters. Nine tragic accidents waiting to happen."
"This place will be a lovely addition to my empire."
"Let's see, what can someone do for me."
"I hate it when they dare look me in the eye."
"The perfect place to dispose of my enemies."
"I name this the River Qiyana."
"If I command the rivers to flow backward, they shall."
"I know what they are thinking: "
"First Encounter with "
" Qiyana hiccups. "
" Qiyana hiccups again. "