
League of Legends Wiki
League of Legends Wiki

    Explore
    Universe
    League of Legends
    Other Titles
    Community

FANDOM
Games
Anime
Movies
TV
Video
Wikis
Start a Wiki
League of Legends Wiki
League of Legends Wiki
8,358
pages

    Explore
    Universe
    League of Legends
    Other Titles
    Community

in: Taliyah, LoL Champion audio	
English	
Taliyah/LoL/Audio
< Taliyah‎ | LoL
1
View source
Champion icon.png Gameplay
 Collection
 Audio
 Patch history
 Past versions
Champion Select

Pick

     
       "Know the loom. Be the stone."

Ban

     
       "Grounded?"

Taliyah_Special_Interactions
Original Original Freljord Freljord

Each of these skins feature some additional quotes and interactions, but otherwise use the Classic voiceover. Some Classic voicelines may also be disabled while using alternate skins.
Movement
First Move

Summoner's Rift

     
       "The sun rises... I must go!"
     
       "A bird's trust is not in the branch."
     
       "I'm going ahead."
     
       "Every tapestry begins with a single stitch."

Howling Abyss

     
       "The stone here is amazing!"

Moving

     
       "The sparrow flies against the wind."
     
       "What magnificent stone."
     
       "The stone here is so beautiful."
     
       "The great Weaver says every lesson is a gift."
     
       "The earth hides many secrets."
     
       "Hard work polishes the roughest stones."
     
       "The desert's beauty lies beneath the sand."
     
       "I must finish my task."
     
       "Keep your eyes on the horizon and your feet on the ground."
     
       "My journey is not yet at an end."
     
       "A tribe without tradition is a flock without a shepherd."
     
       "It is up to all of us to see beauty in the bare stone."
     
       "Distance means so little when family means so much."
     
       "The earth calls, and I must answer."
     
       "To conquer our fears, we must move forward."
     
       "So long as the desert blooms, there is hope."
     
       "Every pebble holds infinite potential."
     
       "What an interesting pattern."
     
       "True learning is just a stone's throw away."
     
       "Oh, look, a rock... and another... and another!"
     
       "I know all of this will lead me home someday."
     
       "Every stone weaves a different story."
     
       "This world is a tapestry of our own making."
     
       "No use staying in one place."
     
       "The earth here... such colours."
     
       "Nothing ventured, nothing learned."
     
       "I keep moving, but my feet are on solid ground."
     
       "If I stumble, I have the earth to catch me."
     
       "The world is my loom, and every stone my thread."
     
       "This world is frayed, and in need of mending."
     
       "Every pebble holds infinite potential."
     
       "I think I've learned what I need to here."
     
       "I must push myself harder next time."
     
       "The warmth of the desert calls me home."
     
       "No choice is written in stone."
     
       "There's no place like home."
     
       "Feels good to be back."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The mountains breathe beneath the snow."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "I traded dunes of sand for drifts of snow."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "I guess ice it is."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Best way to stay warm is the keep moving."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The ice is beautiful."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The snow sparkles like desert stars."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Nothing beats walking on fresh snow."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The snow falling is a thing of wonder."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The sight of glaciers takes my breath away."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The Freljord isn't barren, but waits to be revealed."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "I long for the warmth of the desert."

Upon Entering the Enemy Base

     
       "Time to roll up my sleeves."

Upon Moving After Speaking an Idle Phrase

     
       "Just when I start to appreciate the view, it is time to move on."

Taunt

     
       "Maybe I'm here to teach you something."
     
       "You're never too old to learn something new."
     
       "Go ahead, push me. We'll both find out what I'm made of."
     
       "You're not a problem, you're a learning opportunity."
     
       "I'm not afraid of you."

Taunting an Enemy Aquatic Champion

     
       "You are out of your depth."

Taunting an Ionian

     
       (Ally) "The mountains of Ionia taught me much."
     
       (Ally) "My learning continues."
     
       (Enemy) "Another test?"
     
       (Enemy) "Let the training begin again."

Taunting an Enemy Jhin Jhin

     
       "You're no artist, just a hired gun!"
     
       "Beauty is no excuse for so much suffering."

Taunting an Enemy Yasuo Yasuo

     
       "Master Yasuo, remember me?"
     
       "I knew we'd meet again."
     
       "I've learned much since we last met."
     
       "Let me show you what I've learned."

Taunting an Enemy Noxian

     
       "The promises of Noxus are nothing but lies."
     
       "I will take no part in your war machine."
     
       "You are nothing but plunderers and poachers."
     
       "We will not trade the yoke of one empire for another."
     
       "The earth will rip itself apart before it falls to Noxus."
     
       "Noxus promised learning, but delivered only bloodshed."

Taunting an Enemy Cassiopeia Cassiopeia

     
       "The sands have revealed your true form."
     
       "You have poisoned your own heart."
     
       "This is how the desert repays thieves."
     
       "Noxians... why did it have to be Noxians?"

Taunting an Enemy Voidborn

     
       "Scavengers!"
     
       "You are not wanted here."
     
       "We are stronger than you think."
     
       "Leave our world!"

Taunting an Enemy Cho'Gath Cho'Gath

     
       "You are the scourge upon our world."

Taunting an Enemy Kassadin Kassadin

     
       "Are Icathia's secrets truly the key?"
     
       "Tell us what we need to stand against those creatures."

Taunting an Enemy Malzahar Malzahar

     
       "You have betrayed our people to chaos."
     
       "The stone of Shurima will stand against those creatures."

Taunting an Enemy Rek'Sai Rek'Sai

     
       "You will stalk the sands no more."
     
       "You breed chaos like a rabid ralsiji!"

Taunting an Enemy Vel'Koz Vel'Koz

     
       "Your pattern weaves nothing but chaos."
     
       "Want to examine some stone up close?"
     
       "How's that for dirt in your eye?"

Taunting an Enemy Amumu Amumu

     
       "Sounds like somebody needs a nap."

Taunting an Ally Anivia Anivia

     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "I see the beauty in the snow."

Taunting an Enemy Anivia Anivia

     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "There is much to learn from the mountains."

Taunting an Enemy Annie Annie

     
       "Playtime is going to get a little rocky."

Taunting an Ally Ashe Ashe

     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Queen, do not forget your people."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The tribes of the Freljord must unite."

Taunting an Enemy Aurelion Sol Aurelion Sol

     
       "Even the smallest stone can shake the heavens."

Taunting an Enemy Azir Azir

     
       "Remember there is stone beneath your sand."
     
       "We have prospered without you."
     
       "Your servants will resist."
     
       "There is no empire without the people."
     
       "Close to the ground, the sparrow flies faster than the falcon."
     
       "Shurima will live on without you."
     
       "Better to build on stone than sand."
     
       "You forget your people."
     
       "Shouldn't you be home polishing your Sun Disc?"

Taunting an Ally Braum Braum

     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "My father was a shepherd too!"
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "You love goat's milk? I love goat's milk!"

Taunting an Enemy Ekko Ekko

     
       "Did the earth move for you too? Did I just say that out loud?"

Taunting an Enemy Fiddlesticks Fiddlesticks

     
       "Don't be silly. Scarecrows don't talk."

Taunting an Enemy Illaoi Illaoi

     
       "Don't worry. I don't stay in one place for long."

Taunting an Enemy Kindred Kindred

     
       "Life and death are two ends of the same thread."

Taunting an Enemy Lissandra Lissandra

     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The ice rebels against your corruption!"
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The glaciers will resist the darkness!"

Taunting a Nearby Malphite Malphite

     
       (Ally) "Sedimentary, my dear Malphite."
     
       (Enemy) "I've crushed bigger rocks than you."
     
       (Enemy) "Even rock gives under the right pressure."

Taunting an Ally Nasus Nasus

     
       "Our future is not yet off the loom."
     
       "Worry is a heavier burden than stone."
     
       "Do not give up before the journey is finished."
     
       "Even the most barren desert blooms in time."

Taunting an Enemy Rammus Rammus

     
       "You sure you're alright?"
     
       "You sure you're okay?"

Taunting an Enemy Renekton Renekton

     
       "Your resurrection has twisted your mind."
     
       "Stone sealed your tomb once. It will again."
     
       "I will mend what you have sundered."

Taunting an Enemy Ryze Ryze

     
       "This time, rock beats paper!"

Taunting an Ally Sejuani Sejuani

     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Conquest will turn the tribes against each other."

Taunting an Ally Sejuani Sejuani

     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "There is more to living than fighting."

Taunting an Enemy Sivir Sivir

     
       "He may be your blood, but we are your people."
     
       "You have a choice, Sivir."
     
       "Do not turn your back on what is right."

Taunting an Ally Skarner Skarner

     
       "I feel your tribe sleeping below the earth."
     
       "Is it hard to be the protector of so many?"
     
       "I know the power that lies beneath."

Taunting an Enemy Taric Taric

     
       "Ooh, you're pretty. Guys can be pretty, right?"

Taunting an Enemy Warwick Warwick

     
       "It is the shepherd's duty to drive the wolf away."
     
       "You are nothing but a sheep in wolf's clothes."

Taunting an Enemy Xerath Xerath

     
       "Yours is the ill wind that begat his wrath."

Joke

     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Brace yourself - I hear winter is coming."

Ally Joke Response

     
       "That was great!"

Enemy Joke Response

     
       "Huh. I guess that's funny where you come from."

Laugh

     
       Taliyah laughs.
     
       Taliyah laughs.
     
       Taliyah laughs.
     
       Taliyah laughs.

Attack
Attacking

     
       "Looks like you're stuck between me and a hard place."
     
       "Our paths have woven together for a reason."
     
       "Sometimes, learning hurts."
     
       "Oh, good, just what I need."
     
       "I've given up too much to let you stop me."
     
       "Mastery is a journey. Here's your first lesson."
     
       "Okay, great, that is actually what I wanted to have happen. For once."
     
       "My father always said I was a shepherd's nightmare."
     
       "It will take more than you to break me."
     
       "Every lesson is a gift."
     
       "Control, control, control... "
     
       "Maybe I'm your lesson."
     
       "Experience is the best teacher."
     
       "My gift, my responsibility."
     
       "How's this for throwing stones?"
     
       "I'm still here."
     
       "One stone at a time."
     
       "I meant to do that - mostly."
     
       "Even rocks can be unpredictable."
     
       "A rock in my hand is worth two in your face!"
     
       "Beware falling rocks!"
     
       "How did I do that?"
     
       "That looks like it hurt!"
     
       "Either way, I'm going to learn something from this."
     
       "Looks like you've got a thing or two to learn yourself."
     
       "Alright, I've got this."
     
       "Leave no stone unturned."
     
       "Like threading a needle."
     
       "Every rock tells a story. This one might be painful."
     
       "So anyway... bam!"
     
       "I'll deal with it."
     
       "Don't mess with a stoneweaver."
     
       "I'm... kind of amazing."
     
       "That was pretty much... amazing."
     
       "I am the rock!"
     
       "I am the stone beneath your feet."
     
       "Courage is stronger than stone."
     
       "The best defense is a strong foundation."
     
       "You pulled the wrong thread."
     
       "Stand back."
     
       "You underestimate me."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Know what makes snowballs more fun? Rocks!"
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Let me break the ice for you!"
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Yes! I mean - cool. Totally cool."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The greatest danger lies beneath the ice."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Ice betrays the sure-footed."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Cold does not forgive."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "For the Freljord."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "The glaciers see you tremble."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Ice and stones will break your bones."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "How about a snowball fight?"
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Even mountains can crumble."
     
      Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Even the smallest stone can start an avalanche."

Attacking in the River

     
       "I'm the rock the river cannot wash away!"

Attacking in the Jungle

     
       "Not all who wander are lost."

Enemy Gets Away with Low Health

     
       "Oh, good, just what I need."

Attacking Baron Nashor Baron Nashor

     
       "Wow... you're tall."
     
       "As before, we will stand against you."

Attacking Dragon Dragon

     
       "Your fire is nothing compared to the desert heat."
     
       "I looked for your kind at the ends of the earth."

Ability Casting
Using Threaded Volley Threaded Volley

     
       "Problems should be broken up into little pieces."
     
       "Take this!"
     
       "Tag, you're it!"
     
       "If at first you don't succeed, throw another rock!"
     
       "I told you to stand back!"

Using Seismic Shove Seismic Shove

     
       "You've strayed too far!"
     
       "Up you go!"
     
       "Burst!"
     
       "Erupt!"
     
       "Rise!"
     
       "Maybe you should go over there!"
     
       "Away with you!"

Using Unraveled Earth Unraveled Earth

     
       "It's never good to run from your problems."
     
       "Watch your step."
     
       "Mind your footing."
     
       "You're standing on shaky ground."
     
       "Tread lightly."
     
       "Never dismiss what's beneath your feet."

Using Weaver's Wall Weaver's Wall

     
       "Better to build from the ground up."
     
       "Time to divide the flock."
     
       "Let's shake things up."

While Riding Weaver's Wall Weaver's Wall

     
       "Time to go with the flow."
     
       "This... is... amazing!"
     
       "How amazing is this?"
     
       "You can run from a landslide, I prefer to ride it!"
     
       "Here I come!"

Finishing Weaver's Wall Weaver's Wall

     
       "You have to try that."
     
       "That may have gotten away from me."
     
       "Totally. Epic."
     
       "Did you see that?"

Kills and Objectives

Ally or Enemy scoring First Blood

     
       (Ally) "I guess they learned their lesson?"
     
       (Enemy) "A stone can't be polished without a little friction."

Scoring a Killing Spree

     
       "Great, now who am I going to learn from?"

Scoring a Pentakill

     
       "Five birds, one stone."

Destroying a Turret icon.png Turret

     
       "That... was... amazing! Let us see if I can do it again!"

Destroying Multiple Turret icon.png Turret

     
       "Some walls were meant to come down."

Gold.pngShopping

Opening the Shop

     
       "Choices. Those are my only true possessions."

Buying an Item

     
       "Oh, great, I needed this."
     
       "Glad they had this in stock."
     
       "Ooh, I need one of those."
     
       "Better safe than sorry."
     
       "Never hurts to be prepared."
     
       "Glad I could pick this up."
     
       "This should work."
     
       "Learning is always faster with the right tools."

Buying Abyssal Mask Abyssal Mask

     
       "Time to fight magic with more magic."

Buying Ancient Coin Ancient Coin

     
       "This currency carries weight beyond the sands."

Buying Archangel's Staff Archangel's Staff

     
       "Time for a sigh of relief."

Buying Boots Boots

     
       "Every girl needs a good pair of boots."

Buying Catalyst of Aeons Catalyst of Aeons

     
       "I haven't seen this stone before."

Buying Eye of the Oasis Eye of the Oasis

     
       "A vision most welcome in the sands."

Buying Frost Queen's Claim Frost Queen's Claim

     
       "I fear no apparitions."

Buying Giant's Belt Giant's Belt

     
       "Ooh, belts!"

Buying Hextech Rocketbelt Hextech Rocketbelt

     
       "Rocks should really come with an instruction manual."

Buying Ionian Boots of Lucidity Ionian Boots of Lucidity

     
       "These boots were made for weaving."

Buying Lich Bane Lich Bane

     
       "Huh, towers are stone too. Interesting."

Buying Luden's Tempest Luden's Tempest

     
       "One more reason to keep moving."

Buying Mejai's Soulstealer Mejai's Soulstealer

     
       "Time to go big or go home."

Buying Morellonomicon Morellonomicon

     
       "Time to throw the book at them too."

Buying Nomad's Medallion Nomad's Medallion

     
       "My father carried one of these."

Buying Rabadon's Deathcap Rabadon's Deathcap

     
       "Let's see what I can pull out of this hat."
     
       "Some hats speak louder than words."

Buying Rod of Ages Rod of Ages

     
       "Time to carry a bigger stick."

Buying Rylai's Crystal Scepter Rylai's Crystal Scepter

     
       "Diamonds really are a girl's best friend."

Buying Seraph's Embrace Seraph's Embrace

     
       "Time to apply what I've learned."

Buying Spellthief's Edge Spellthief's Edge

     
       "Stick them with the pointy end."

Buying Talisman of Ascension Talisman of Ascension

     
       "A relic of the old ways."

Buying Tear of the Goddess Tear of the Goddess

     
       "The great Weaver protects me."

Buying Vision Ward Vision Ward

     
       "Clear vision brings hope."
     
       "This should make the pattern easier to follow."
     
       "Time to see the pattern in the weave."
     
       "A rock in the bush is worth five in the hand."

Buying Void Staff Void Staff

     
       "A little chaos should shake things up."

Buying Zhonya's Hourglass Zhonya's Hourglass

     
       "That sand reminds me of home."

Recall Recall

     
      Taliyah StarGuardianCircle.png A shortened version of Star Guardian 2022's orchestral theme plays.

Other Gameplay

Using a Health Potion Health Potion

     
       "Almost better than goat's milk."
     
       "Refreshing."
     
       "Tastes like sunshine."

Placing a Ward icon.png Ward

     
       "Clear vision is best when there are many paths."
     
       "Action without vision is a nightmare."
     
       "Vision guides the thread."
     
       "Big dreams require a lot of vision."
     
       "Girls with dreams become women with vision."
     
       "You cannot be what you cannot envision."
     
       "Shared vision unite the tribe."
     
       "Time to make vision a reality."

During Mid Game

     
       "The midday toil is the most difficult."

During Late Game

     
       "Evening is upon us. Let us finish this."


Trivia

Original Taliyah Original Taliyah

    She and Yasuo Yasuo share the quote 
      Yasuo OriginalCircle.png "I will follow this path until the end" (spoken by the Stoneweaver in 'Homecoming')
     
       "Noxians Noxians... why did it have to be Noxians?" references Raiders of the Lost Ark ("Snakes, why did it have to be snakes?")
     
       "You You are the scourge upon our world." references 
      Cho'Gath OriginalCircle.png "Your races are a scourge upon the world!"
     
       "Sedimentary, my dear Malphite Malphite." references Sherlock Holmes.
     
       "Stick them with the pointy end. the pointy end." references Game of Thrones.
     
       "Diamonds Diamonds really are a girl's best friend." references the eponymous song by Marylin Monroe.
     
       "Five birds, one stone." adds three more birds to the idiom it references.
     
       "Not all who wander are lost." resembles 
      Ivern OriginalCircle.png "No one who wanders is ever truly lost." and 
      Yasuo OriginalCircle.png "A wanderer isn't always lost." (all reference All that is gold does not glitter by J. R. R. Tolkien)

Freljord Taliyah Freljord Taliyah

    She shares quotes with:
         
          Ashe OriginalCircle.png  
          Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "For the Freljord!"
         
          Sejuani OriginalCircle.png  
          Taliyah FreljordCircle.png "Cold does not forgive."
     
       "Brace yourself - I hear winter is coming." references Game of Thrones.


References
Others like you also viewed
Taliyah/LoL
Rell/LoL/Audio
League of Legends Wiki
Kayle/LoL/Audio
Fiddlesticks/LoL/Audio
Ahri/LoL/Audio
Yuumi/LoL/Audio
Neeko/LoL/Audio
Vex/LoL/Audio
Baccai
Lillia/LoL/Audio
Riven/LoL/Audio
Sivir/LoL/Audio
Categories
Languages
Community content is available under CC-BY-SA unless otherwise noted.
Others like you also viewed
Taliyah/LoL
Rell/LoL/Audio
League of Legends Wiki
Kayle/LoL/Audio
Fiddlesticks/LoL/Audio
Ahri/LoL/Audio
Yuumi/LoL/Audio
Neeko/LoL/Audio
Vex/LoL/Audio
Popular Pages

    Item (League of Legends)
    Nilah/LoL
    Darkin
    Champion
    Yordle

Explore properties

    Fandom
    Cortex RPG
    Muthead
    Futhead
    Fanatical

Follow Us

Overview

    What is Fandom?
    About
    Careers
    Press
    Contact
    Terms of Use
    Privacy Policy
    Global Sitemap
    Local Sitemap

Community

    Community Central
    Support
    Help

Advertise

    Media Kit
    Fandomatic
    Contact

Fandom Apps
Take your favorite fandoms with you and never miss a beat.

League of Legends Wiki is a FANDOM Games Community.
View Mobile Site
Follow on IG
TikTok
Join Fan Lab
Check out Fandom Quizzes and cha
Search this wiki
Search all wikis
